h1. Default

By: James Brumond
Verison: 0.3.5-rc
Copyright 2010 James Brumond
Dual licensed under MIT and GPL

A jQuery plugin for giving text fields customizable default values.

h2. Description

Uses an overlaying span to give the appearance of a text field having a default value which goes away when the field is focused and comes back when the empty field is unfocused. Allows for the separate styling of the default value apart from the normal text field styles and the setting of event functions for onfocus and onblur. Default value can be set specifically from the function (eg. @$('input').defaultText({ defText: 'Bob' })@) or individually in the page markup by setting a "title" attribute and calling the function (eg. @$('input').defaultText()@)

h3. Alternate HTML5 Placeholder Patch

If you don't need as much control as is offered by the full Default plugin, there is also a file in this repository (@placeholder.js@) which is a patch for the HTML5 @placeholder@ attribute. Simply include it in the document and now where you use a @placeholder="..."@ attribute in your inputs, you will get a placeholder text, even in non-HTML5 browsers. This script does *not* rely on jQuery like the Default plugin.

h2. Synopsis

<pre><code>Object jQuery::defaultText ([ Object options ])
  options {
    [ String defText = '' ],
    [ Object textStyle = { } ],
    [ Object inputStyle = { } ],
    [ Function onfocus ],
    [ Function onblur ]
  }</code></pre>
  
h2. Options

@defText@
_Optional_
_Type: String_
Sets the text to be displayed as default. If left blank, the function will check the text field's "title" attribute and, if available, use that.

@textStyle@
_Optional_
_Type: Object_
A set of key-value pairs for styles to be applied to the default text.

@inputStyle@
_Optional_
_Type: Object_
A set of key-value pairs for styles to be applied to the text field.

@onfocus@
_Optional_
_Type: Function_
If given, a function that is called when the text field is focused. (this is called after the default text is hidden.)

@onblur@
_Optional_
_Type: Function_
If given, a function that is called when the text field is unfocused. (this is called after the default text is re-shown.)
